then ordered a section in the
material commissioned men who
have technical specialties but
material section chief an aspect
human resources
human so he manages careers
he takes care of the various exits that the
section can can do the training to
bourges his 11 months in division
application and 11 months when we
choose one learns concretely his
occupation of section chief of the equipment and
where one chooses among the three
possible specialties so mechanical
electronic electrical engineering and
supply is when we
start we order a section by
electronics
there are more for example NCOs
so more men a lot more
qualified so the command is going to be
different for example from a section in
mechanical so the choice of specialty
is will be based on this feature
ordered the translated at the sections
it is precisely to learn from our
men to be soldiers more than
the technical aspect that is learned by
themselves so we made outings
ground have made duty
I have a course
school at 7.6 pic since I left
of a bep i ended up with a master in
management of operations abroad in
England
my career evolution four in two
command time as that
sections then we move to grade
captain as deputy or commissioned
subsequently unit commander and
then we can either renew ourselves
his contract either redirected to the
civilian life during during the time of
commandment that we alarmed
for sure, we gain experience
significant in terms of resources
to manage its staff
command and so if we go back into
civil life it's obvious that it will be
a plus for us to be folded under
contract framework that wants to integrate
holy cyr one must be having a will
very strong it will be necessary faculty
quite important adaptation
and then have to give thoroughly all the time
what